#summary Storyboard for modeling typical Passport Information using the VIENNA Add-In.

= Passport Modeling Storyboard =

An example for exchanging information electronically using Core Components is the following scenario: Two neighbouring countries decide to implement additional security standards on the border. When inhabitants move from one of the two countries to the other, their passports should be compared to a central database to check the document's authenticity and therefore prohibit the use of forged passport documents.

To establish such a central database, the two countries need to exchange the passport data of all inhibitants. They decide to exchange this data electronically using Core Components. For modeling a business document containing passport data, the two parties must agree on which information is included in the passport model and how this information is organised.

The next pages show how to create such a sample passport model using Enterprise Architect and the VIENNA Add-In in three steps. Sample images are included, as well as video tutorials.

  * [PassportModelStep1 Passport Model - Step 1] shows how to open an Enterprise Architect project file, create a UPCC model and import the standard libraries needed for Core Component compliance.<br>
  * [PassportModelStep2 Passport Model - Step 2] explains which ABIE elements are needed for modeling the passport data and how they are created.<br>
  * [PassportModelStep3 Passport Model - Step 3] illustrates how to combine these elements in order to create a complete business document.