=Publications=

Conference and Workshop Papers
  * C. Pichler, M. Wimmer. *Model-Driven Business Document Evolution*. In Proceedings of the 15th European Conference on Software Maintenance and Reengineering (CSMR), March 1-4, Oldenburg, Germany, 2011.(to appear)
  * C. Pichler, P. Langer, M. Wimmer, C. Huemer, B. Hofreiter. *Registry Support for Core Component Evolution*. In Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Service-Oriented Computing and Applications (SOCA), December 13-15, Perth, Australia, IEEE, 2010.(to appear)
  * M. Strommer, C. Pichler, P. Liegl. *A Document Management Framework based on Core Components*. In Proceedings of the 12th IEEE Conference on Commerce and Enterprise Computing (CEC), November 10-12, Shanghai, China, IEEE, 2010.([http://publik.tuwien.ac.at/files/PubDat_189060.pdf pdf])
  * P. Liegl, C. Huemer, C. Pichler. *A bottom-up approach to build XML business document standards*. In Proceedings of the 7th IEEE International Conference on e-Business Engineering (ICEBE), November 10-12, Shanghai, China, IEEE, 2010.([http://publik.tuwien.ac.at/files/PubDat_189059.pdf pdf])
  * P. Liegl, M. Zapletal, C. Pichler, and M. Strommer. *State-of-the-art in business document standards*. In Proceedings of the 8th IEEE International Conference on Industrial Informatics (INDIN2010), July 14-16, Osaka, Japan, 2010.([http://publik.tuwien.ac.at/files/PubDat_186928.pdf pdf])
  * C. Pichler, M. Strommer, and C. Huemer. *Size Matters!? Measuring the Complexity of XML Schema Mapping Models*. In Proceedings of the International Workshop on Service Computing for B2B (SC4B2B), July 5 -10, Miami, Florida, 2010. ([http://publik.tuwien.ac.at/files/PubDat_187939.pdf pdf])
  * C. Pichler, M. Seidl, and C. Huemer. *Managing Variability and Evolution of Business Document Models*. In 2nd International Workshop on Model-Driven Product Line Engineering (MDPLE), June 15 - 18, Paris, France, 2010. ([http://ceur-ws.org/Vol-625/MDPLE2010-paper6-Pichler.pdf pdf])
  * C. Pichler. *A Framework for Handling Variants of Software Models*. In Proceedings of the International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE), May 2 - 8, Cape Town, South Africa, pages 345-346. ACM/IEEE, 2010
  * C. Pichler, M. Strommer, and P. Liegl. *On Mapping Business Document Models to Core Components*. In Proceedings of the Hawaii Interna- tional Conference on System Sciences (HICSS-43), January 5-8, Kauai, HI, USA, pages 1-10. IEEE, 2010 ([http://publik.tuwien.ac.at/files/PubDat_178389.pdf pdf])
  * C. Huemer, P. Liegl, and C. Pichler. *A registry model for UN/CEFACT's Core Components*. In Proceedings of IEEE International Conference on Service-Oriented Computing and Applications (SOCA'09), December 14-15, Taipei, Taiwan. IEEE, 2009 ([http://publik.tuwien.ac.at/files/PubDat_178390.pdf pdf])
  * C. Eis, C. Huemer, P. Liegl, C. Pichler, and M. Strommer. *A Framework for Managing the Complexity of Business Document Integration*. In Proceedings of the eChallenges e-2009 Conference and Exhibition, October 21-23, Istanbul, Turkey, pages 1-8, 2009 ([http://publik.tuwien.ac.at/files/PubDat_178392.pdf pdf])
  * P. Liegl and D. Mayrhofer. *A Domain Specific Language for UN/CEFACT's Core Components*. In Proceedings of the International Workshop on Service Computing for B2B (SC4B2B), September 21-25, Bangalore, India, pages 123-131. IEEE, 2009 ([http://publik.tuwien.ac.at/files/PubDat_177768.pdf pdf])
  * C. Eis, P. Liegl, C. Pichler, and M. Strommer. *An Evaluation of Mapping Strategies for Core Components*. In Proceedings of the International Workshop on Service Computing for B2B (SC4B2B), September 21-25, Bangalore, India, pages 140-149. IEEE, 2009 ([http://publik.tuwien.ac.at/files/PubDat_177766.pdf pdf])
  * P. Liegl, C. Huemer, and M. Zapletal. *Towards a global business document reference ontology*. In Proceedings of the Third IEEE International Conference on Semantic Computing (ICSC2009), September 14-16, Berkeley, CA, USA, pages 355-360. IEEE, 2009 ([http://publik.tuwien.ac.at/files/PubDat_177763.pdf pdf])
  * P. Liegl. *Conceptual Business Document Modeling using UN/CEFACT's Core Components*. In Proceedings of the 6th Asia-Pacific Conference on Conceptual Modeling (APCCM2009), January 20-23, Wellington, New Zealand, pages 59-69. Australian Computer Society, 2009 ([http://publik.tuwien.ac.at/files/PubDat_173511.pdf pdf])
  * C. Huemer, P. Liegl, T. Motal, R. Schuster, and M. Zapletal. *The Development Process of the UN/CEFACT Modeling Methodology*. In Proceedings of the 10th International Conference on Electronic Commerce (ICEC08), August 19-22, Innsbruck, Austria, pages 1-10. ACM, 2008 ([http://publik.tuwien.ac.at/files/PubDat_166115.pdf pdf])
  * C. Huemer, P. Liegl, R. Schuster, and M. Zapletal. *A 3-level e-Business Registry Meta Model*. In Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Services Computing (SCC2008), July 8-11, Honolulu, HI, USA, pages 450-451. IEEE, 2008 ([http://publik.tuwien.ac.at/files/PubDat_165760.pdf pdf])
  * P. Liegl. *Business documents in a service oriented context*. In Proceedings of the 10th International Conference on Electronic Commerce (ICEC08), August 19-22, Innsbruck, Austria, pages 1-5, 2008 ([http://publik.tuwien.ac.at/files/PubDat_166117.pdf pdf])
  * P. Liegl, T. Motal, and R. Schuster. *An Add-In for UN/CEFACT's Modeling Methodology 2.0*. In Proceedings of the 10th International Conference on Electronic Commerce (ICEC08), August 19-22, Innsbruck, Austria, pages 1-2, 2008 ([http://publik.tuwien.ac.at/files/PubDat_166116.pdf pdf])
  * C. Huemer and P. Liegl. *A UML Profile for Core Components and their Transformation to XSD*. In Proceedings of the 2nd International Workshop on Services Engineering (SEIW 2007), April 16, Istanbul, Turkey, pages 298-306. IEEE, 2007 ([http://www.big.tuwien.ac.at/research/publications/2007/2207.pdf pdf])
  * B. Hofreiter, C. Huemer, P. Liegl, R. Schuster, and M. Zapletal. *UN/CEFACT's Modeling Methodology (UMM): A UML Profile for B2B e-Commerce*. In Proceedings of the 2nd International Workshop on Best Practices of UML (ER BP-UML'06), November 6-9, Tucson, AZ, USA, pages 19-31. IEEE, 2006 ([http://www.ec.tuwien.ac.at/~marco/pub/A_UML_Profile_For_B2B_eCommerce.pdf pdf])